<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="yes"?>
<rss version="2.0" xmlns:atom="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <channel>
    <title>ADoX Status and Deployment on dnsprivacy.org</title>
    <link>http://dnsprivacy.org/adox_status_and_deployment/</link>
    <description>Recent content in ADoX Status and Deployment on dnsprivacy.org</description>
    <generator>Hugo</generator>
    <language>en-us</language>
    <lastBuildDate>Mon, 21 Jul 2025 13:46:00 +0100</lastBuildDate>
    <atom:link href="http://dnsprivacy.org/adox_status_and_deployment/index.xml" rel="self" type="application/rss+xml" />
    <item>
      <title>IETF 123 Side Meeting minutes</title>
      <link>http://dnsprivacy.org/adox_status_and_deployment/ietf123sidemeetingminutes/</link>
      <pubDate>Mon, 21 Jul 2025 13:46:00 +0100</pubDate>
      <guid>http://dnsprivacy.org/adox_status_and_deployment/ietf123sidemeetingminutes/</guid>
      <description>&lt;h2 id=&#34;ietf-123-adox-side-meeting-minutes&#34;&gt;IETF 123 ADoX Side meeting minutes&lt;/h2&gt;&#xA;&lt;ul&gt;&#xA;&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Meeting title&lt;/strong&gt;: AoT/ADoQ Deployment Initiative - Connecting Interested Parties Side meeting&lt;/li&gt;&#xA;&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Location&lt;/strong&gt;: IETF 123, Madrid&lt;/li&gt;&#xA;&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Time/Date&lt;/strong&gt;: 10.30am CEST, Thursday 24th July 2025&lt;/li&gt;&#xA;&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Chairs&lt;/strong&gt;: Sara Dickinson, John Dickinson (Sinodun IT)&lt;/li&gt;&#xA;&lt;li&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Attendance&lt;/strong&gt;: A side meeting does not generate blue sheets as other official IETF side meetings do. We had around 50 in person attendees and a remote webex where the number of participants peaked at around 60 people. All attendees were aware that minutes would be made public. Affiliations are included for completeness but unless stated the view may be personal.&lt;/li&gt;&#xA;&lt;/ul&gt;&#xA;&lt;h2 id=&#34;agenda&#34;&gt;Agenda:&lt;/h2&gt;&#xA;&lt;ul&gt;&#xA;&lt;li&gt;Participants (in person and remote) detailing their particular interest in deploying ADoT/ADoQ&#xA;&lt;ul&gt;&#xA;&lt;li&gt;Sharing any experience to-date and/or&lt;/li&gt;&#xA;&lt;li&gt;Sharing future plans and timelines&lt;/li&gt;&#xA;&lt;/ul&gt;&#xA;&lt;/li&gt;&#xA;&lt;li&gt;Discussion of where interests overlap and give rise to potential opportunities for collaboration&#xA;&lt;ul&gt;&#xA;&lt;li&gt;Preferred transports&lt;/li&gt;&#xA;&lt;li&gt;Preferred short-term mechanisms&lt;/li&gt;&#xA;&lt;li&gt;Opportunistic - Unilateral probing&lt;/li&gt;&#xA;&lt;li&gt;Other standard-based mechanisms for authenticated connections&lt;/li&gt;&#xA;&lt;li&gt;Other, non-standard mechanisms for authenticated connections&lt;/li&gt;&#xA;&lt;/ul&gt;&#xA;&lt;/li&gt;&#xA;&lt;li&gt;Reviewing gaps in current implementations/standards work&lt;/li&gt;&#xA;&lt;li&gt;Identifying any shared goals for early deployment/experiments with ADoT/ADoQ&#xA;&lt;ul&gt;&#xA;&lt;li&gt;Generating next steps and concrete actions&lt;/li&gt;&#xA;&lt;/ul&gt;&#xA;&lt;/li&gt;&#xA;&lt;li&gt;Planning future gatherings and activities for the initiative&#xA;&lt;ul&gt;&#xA;&lt;li&gt;Outreach to any parties not here&lt;/li&gt;&#xA;&lt;li&gt;Use of OARC Mattermost channel (public/private)&lt;/li&gt;&#xA;&lt;/ul&gt;&#xA;&lt;/li&gt;&#xA;&lt;/ul&gt;&#xA;&lt;h2 id=&#34;minutes&#34;&gt;Minutes&lt;/h2&gt;&#xA;&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Wes Hardaker (b-root)&lt;/strong&gt;: We have a TLS version of b-root as a production service, would like feedback. Our RSSAC002 stats include encrypted traffic (although very, very small). Would like to move to QUIC - no blocker to moving to QUIC, just haven&amp;rsquo;t done it yet. Using BIND 9.18 for TLS today (we also use Knot). Service is architected to be safe and isolated from other services and can be taken down if problems arise.&lt;/p&gt;</description>
    </item>
  </channel>
</rss>
